Big Daddy woke h

Scherzer woke her up with his motorcycle-engine purr right in her ear and his pressure point paws in the midle of her chest. His cream colored face rammed into her chin
when she took more than a moment to open her eyes and acknowledge him. She couldn't reach up and pet him - one arm was acting as her pillow while two cats were stretched
back to back baetween her side and other arm. She could feel the weight of one, no two, more cats on her legs. It must have been a warm night, she though groggily. Or
Scherz Hulked his way to king of the mountain and I missed it. 

Scherzer was now cleaning his left paw, still purring up a storm. He didn't actually need anything, just someone notice he was there and now he had a comfy warm mattress
on a mattress to take a nap. 
a
Jen stared up at the dark stard up in stared up in to dark spaces above the 

Jen stared at the bottom of the cat cubbies above her for awhile, letting Scherzer's purr lull her back into a doze. The mattress was an old toddler bed that someone had
donated to the shelter and it was by no means comfortable, but she made due. The staff that volunteered to care for the cats changed the sheets at night and in the morning
and she certainly never lacked for warmth. It wasn't even terrible having to be awake and out of the shelter before the sun came up, in order to avoid pointed questions from
the retired ladies on the first shift. She was definitely never late for work.  

She cast her eyes down to her left and could see, just barely, the tops of two heads tucked against the inner part of her arm on one side and her rib cage on the other.
Judging by the coloring, one was Bangle, the fiesty little girl who was just starting to warm up to the other volunteers, while the other was Taco Cat, the even tinier
goofball who was enamoured of Bangle while also being her polor opposite. She couldn't tell who was on her legs, but there was a short list of possible suspects. Grey
and white Big Daddy, skinny from a bought with IBS, or tiny Tailula, all 9 pounds of her. Anecdotal evidence suggested that these were the most likely, but there were
also 60 other cats in the shelter. 

The sky outside the windows was turning grey when she opened her eyes again. Scherzer's purrs had settled into a deep, even breathing and Bangle and Taco Cat had both
left their posts. Her legs were cold, which meant it was down to just Scherzer. That didn't mean much, since he tipped the scales at 18 pounds, but he was easy enough to
roll off onto the bed. The purr started up again as he stretched himself out and went back to sleep. 

She sat up and slipped her feet back into her sneakers. Here came tiny Tailula, trotting in from the other room, already meowing. Behind her were a half dozen other cats
all ready to remind her that it was coming dangerously to breakfast and she was still in bed. 

Downstairs, she waded through a herd of cats gathering outside the feeding room door and got into an argument with Frank, who asserted, as always, that it was his right
o accompany her into the feeding room. In the end, her shoe one as it nudged him back from the door just far enough that she could slip in and close the door behind her.
Frank stood on his back paws and meowed his annoyance through the screen. 

She took a minute to pull back her hair and splash water on her face while listening for the front lobby door to open. None of the other volunteers knew she had been
essentially squatting in the shelter overnight and even if they did, she took pains to at least look like she had a home to come from in the mornings. A few people
had commented on how early she came to her shifts but she just told them it was a function of Grand Rapids horrible bus timetables. She had also cut her volunteer hours
down to only two days a week from every other day, to coincide with the start of the new school year. Not that she was actually attending any of the high schools in town 
but she did use the extra hours to study for her GED, so it was kind of the same. 

Rafael found her mixing canned pate with water using the stick blender and wisher her a good morning over the whir of the stick blender and the continued cries from, as
he called them, the Hungry Inmates. He grabbed a plastic bucket, a plastic grocery bag and a litter scoop, saluted her with a grave look on his pale face, and slipped 
out the door. He could be heard having a repeat argument with Frank as he tried to make his way the first of many, many litter boxes that needed scooping after a long
night. 

She was setting out pans on the floor for the cat food slop when Heidi breezed in, red hair piled on her head in a messy bun and wearing a GVSU sweater off one shoulder.
She scooped up Frank with a loud coo and snuggled her face into his side even as he protested.

"He has ringworm," Jen said, raising an eyebrow. Heidi grinned, letting Frank drop back to the floor. 

"That's okay, there's creams for that kind of thing," she answered. She took a stack of pans from Jen's hands and started up the stairs to the second floor. Heidi was on
board for cat meds and general cat care for the shift, but she also, willingly, took on whatever other tasks she could do to try and make the other volunteers lives easier.

Kandice had no issues coming in through the feeding room door, as all of the most eager cats had gathered around to gobble up the slop Jen had poured into the two pans in
the kitchen, or were following Jen into the next room over to see what she put in that pan. Kandice followed her as well, but her task was pulling sheets from the cots
and fleece pads from the shelves and cat cubbies. She cooed at Wanda as she gently evicted the elderly cat to the floor from the fleece pad she had been sleeping on. She
caught Jen's eye and shook her head. 

"She's not getting any better, is she?" she asked, watching Wanda curl into a small ball against the wall. When Jen had first begun volunteering at the shelter, Wanda had been
twice the weight she was now, active and goofy. Now she was nearly skin and bones, brought down by stomatitis secondary to feline immunodeficiency virus. All of the cats
in the shelter had it - or feline leukemia or both- but it was always painful to watch as a cat succumbed. 

"Only time will tell," Jen said, upending the last little bit of slop in her pitcher onto the tray on the floor. She smiled at Kandice. "Wanda's come back from being sick
before, we'll just have to keep loving on her until she gets, as they say, her poop in a group."

"No, no more poop," said Raefael, setting his bucket on the ground by the doorway. "I need to start a second bucket - has anyone heard from Nico?"

"Not a word," said Kandice. With one last look at Wanda, she picked up her pile of sheets and fleece pads and carried them to the washer in the next room. 

"Ugh, he's probably hungover again." Jen followed Rafael into the feeding room, nudging Frank aside again so they could get into the room unmolested. 
g 
"Hungover? It's only Tuesday." She began to pull down more cans of cat food from the shelves, stacking them on the counter in fives. Five canes of pate and five cans of water made enough
slop for two rooms of pans and she had 8 room left to do - plus a list of cats that needed to be fed by themselves because they were too scared to try and wade through the
herd to the trays. 

"Are you serious?" Rafael asked from the supply room. "Jen, it's Thursday, not Tuesday." She paused in her stacking and took a moment to try and reconcile her mental calendar. 
How had she lost two days? It was harder to keep track of days since she had dropped her other two shifts. Her schedule of get up, catch the bus to the library, do her
online classes, catch the noon bus to her job at the bookstore, close up the store, catch the two busses it took to get back up to the shelter - everything kind of bled 
together.

"Yeah, but still - it's Thursday! That's not a normal day to be hungover anyway."

"Nico is not your normal party boy, now is he?" Rafael had prepped two more buckets and left one on the counter with a clean scoop stuck inside. "If his fratiness shows up,
tell him I'm upstairs scooping. He can hang around and do last scoop." 

"Will do," said Jen and willed Nico to show his Eurotrash face. If he was a no-show, that meant she would have to stay and help and she needed extra study time this morning.

Jen has finished serving up slop to the downstairs rooms and was making another batch of slop to start upstairs when Nico did finally show up, skin sallow, blonde tipped hair
dishevled and wearing dark sunglasses. He grunted a good morning at her and eyed the untouched bucket with some trepidation. 

"I'm not scooping," he said. She shrugged. 

"Take it up with Rafael. He's the shift lead." Grumbling, Nico grabbed a broom and dustpan and shuffled off into the next room. "Put the wash in the dryer!" Jen called
after him. 

She passed Heidi on the stairs on her way up. The redhead was laden with a bucket of pills, creams and baby wipes, as well as a cat hanging off one shoulder. Jen didn't
recognize the butt and Heidi laughed when she saw the confusion on Jen's face. 

"John Monroe," she answered. "Apparently this drool monster thought I needed a shower."

"Aww, shower of love," said Jen as Heidi squeezed passed her. She stopped on the next stair down to left Jen scratch John Monroe's ears. True to form, drool was dripping 
from his toothless mouth. 

"I hope you're planning on taking a real shower before work," said Jen. Heidi laughed.

Between the five of them, all of the daily chores were completed well before Jen needed to catch her bus but she ended up accepting a ride from Heidi instead. By bus, it was
a 45 minute ride to the campus downtown campus of Grand Rapids Community College, but Heidi could get her there in five. Most normal drivers weren't supposed to get there in
five, but Heidi drove like she was being chased by Saturn Vue devoring zombies. Jen appreciated the extra jolt of adrenline - she had a test today. 

The test was math, pre-calc. She started at the cover of the book and smoothed her fingers along the edges. 

*No one in this family is smart enough to learn all that! You're wastign your time!* No, not smart enough, but she was first in her class and set the curve on all tests. Her prof had
even recommended her to be a tutor in the fall. 

"I *am* smart enough," she whispered to herself. She moved her book to the side and logged into the online classroom. 

She was still grinning when she stepped off the bus in front of the Biggby where she worked the afternoon shift. This was one of the slower Biggby coffee shops in the city,
especially after all of the office professionals went home, but she was on salary so it didn't matter. 

She paused outside the door to make sure she had gotten off all the cat hair before she had left the shelter. She kept a change of clean clothes in the manager's office locker in the
manager's office, but cat hair was but had still had the occasional issue with cat hair in a customer's skim no-foam grande Caramel Mocha (or, in the real world,
a 20 oz Caramel marvel with skim milk instead of 2%).

"Yo, boss lady!" Cameron was petite, skinny and ambiguous as a baby sea turtle. Jen only knew that his reproductive bits were, well, male, because she'd read his resume
before he was hired. The majority of the time, he dressed stylishly male but today he was rocking a strict boho look, including braiding his bangs and clipping them back from his face
She gave him a wave before disappearing into the manager's office to locate her clothes. 

The manager's office was, in a word, destroyed.Usually it was just a disaster, an assortment of half unpacked boxes of supplies, piles of unfiled paperwork, empty drink cups
and a constantly growing pile of coats and sweatshirts, cast off before shift start and forgotten. Today, however, everything was everywhere - the broken table that
served as a desk had been pushed over, spilling papers across the floor. Several months worth of half drank coffee formed assorted, rank smelling puddles and the plastic trash can
had been crushed between a jug of caramel sauce. The manager's locker door hung open, bent where someone had forced something, like a crowbar, between the door and the frame. 
It was empty. She took a deep breath

"Cameron, what in the absolute fuck!" Back out in the lobby, Camerone was handing a large iced drink to a young woman with big blue eyes that somehow grew bigger when 
She came around the corner. Cameron maintained his calm and onyl raised an eyebrow. 

"Did Siobhan dump creme freeze on your jeans again?" She grabbed his arm and pulled him the back room, thankful it was only 2pm and there were no customers. Cameron gaped
when he saw the office. 

"Was this like this when you got here?" He shook his head. 

"I don't know. I didn't even come back here - I just took Justin's apron from him and clocked in up front. I've been tripping over my hoodie all day." He nudged a box with his foot
"Do we call the police?"

"I think we should - and Siobhan too. Did she open this morning?" cameron shook his head. 

"Funny you should mention that - Justin said she was on shift but didn't show, so he had to call in Logan and Marisol to help with the morning rush."

"Es no bueno, mi amore." 

The cops were there within minutes - any later and she would have questioned, considering they were less than a mile up the road. Officer Ramierez was short and fit with her dark hair
pulled back into a tight ponytail. She was solid was a solid professional, shaking hands with Jen, then Cameron before following them to the back room. 

The stench of old coffee and milk was worse now but there was nothing to do about it while Ramierez inspected the locker. She stuck her head inside to look behind the boxes
on the bottom and sneezed, hitting her head on the shelf bottom of the shelf. 

"Are you okay?" Jen stepped forward but Ramierez waved her off. 

"No worries, no worries." She sniffled she was sniffling as she looked around the rest of the room. "What's missing?" 

"Just the extra clothes from the locker - I had a set in there, and so did a couple of other people."

"Wallets? Cash drawer?"

"All accounted for. The safe wasn't touched but I checked and did a count down on the money before we called you. Last night's deposit is still in there."

"Any phones or anything?" Jen gave the best answer she could, which was a shrug. 

"It's possible that someone left theirs in a jacket but I won't know until I talk to them. I don't have one." 

"You don't have a cell phone?" That seemed to bother Ramierez more than the mess she stood on, but she just shook her head. 

"I'll file a report for vandalism, but if there's nothing material missing, there probably won't be much investigation into it."

"I'll need a report for corporate," said Jen. "I'll give you my district manager's number - she can get you the corporate fax line." Ramierez nodded and for a moment, the silence
stretched between them. "Can I, uh, get you some coffee?"

"Sure." Jen went one step further and sent the officer back with two large carafes of coffee for the department, since it was going to be a chilly evening. Ramierez handed her
a business card. 

"Oh, you already gave me one-"

"Yeah, that was for your manager. That's, uh, for me." There was that silence again, yawning between them - Jen's heart was in her throat, which probably explained why it wasn't
thundering in her ears. 

"Oh, thank you." She took the card with gentle fingers, trying to control the rabbit urge to run, run from someone showing her attention. 

"If anything else happens, please let me know." Ramierez doned her hat again and grabbed the coffee before darting out the door. Jen watched her go - why did it feel like the floor
was tilting even though she was standing still? And why did Cameron have that awful shit-eating grin on his face?

"You can just- shut up." She snapped, wheeling on heel and stomping into the manager's office. Cameron's giggle followed her like a trail of little needles in her skin. 

Jen uprighted the lone chair in the office and sank into it collapsed into it. She took deep breaths, deep breaths like her therapist had taught her, and imagined she was centered
she was grounded. She would not float away on a balloon of day dreams just because a gorgeous cop had looked at her twice. Ramierez was probably, what, late 20s? How old did
you have to be to be a cop? She was older than Jen's 17, that was for sure. Sure, Jen was also older than Jen's 17 but she had been down that road, with the gorgeous,
blue eyed older man who had

Deep breaths. Deep breaths. Distraction. 

She began by gathering up by falling to her knees on the floor and separating papers into piles - those that were wet and therefore ruined and those that were probably
salvagable. Most of it was just HR junk - old schedules, deposit logs, cash drawer countdowns, the occasional write up. Ah, here was something fun - her first time writing up
another employee - Siobhan. 

"Shit." she'd forgotten to tell Ramierez about Siobhan missing her shift. And she needed to call the other employees and now the district manager, Jolene and maybe corporate
depending on if Jolene actually answered her damn phone. 

Deep breaths. She pushed herself up on her feet and dug the phone out from underneath another pile of papers. Instead of The phone came up easily, nearly knocking her on butt. This was because
the cord from the phone to the wall had been unplugged. Further investigation showed that it was, in fact, missing. 

"Oh, what the actual fuck." She threw the phone done and stalked back into the front room. 

"Cameron, I need your phone." Cameron smiled at the customer as he handed him an empty cup for coffee but the smile was gone when he turned to face her. 

"You're being rude," he told her, fishing his cell phone from his apron pocket. "Is this stressing you out that much?"

"The back office is destroyed and Siobhan is MIA - doesn't that bother you in the slightest?" He gave a non-commital shrug. 

"It's Siobhan. It's not the first time she's shirked a shift." 

"Yeah, but not as a manager - her attendence record has been pristine since she got promoted." She set his phone on the counter and scrolled through his contact list, looking 
for the number for the wayward manager. 

"You always do that."

"Do what?" Sam, Sammy, Samuel, Samantha, Sheron, Sherhonda...

"Put the cell phone on the counter instead of holding it. I know you're a luddite but it doesn't bite, I promise." She paused, remembering a brief moment when she had tried to
use a cell phone the first time. How the electricty had arched through her fingers, through the phone, and nearly took her ear off. 

"This is fine," she said, tapping on Siobhan's entry. While the phone was dialing, she turned on speaker phone. Cameron went to help a new customer while she listened to it ring.
And ring. And ring.

"The subscriber you are trying to reach is out of service-" She hung and kicked the baseboard of the counter in frustration. In quick succession, in quick movements, she 
found Justin's number in Cameron's phone. Justin answered on the second ring first ring.

"Cameron, I'm at-"

"Justin, it's Jen."

"Even better. Jen, I'm at Siobhan's house. I called the cops but I don't know what else to do-"

"What do you mean, you called the cops? What happened? Where's Siobhan?"

"I- I don't know. Her front door was open, so I came in and everything is just destroyed. I can't find Killer or Hammond." Jen looked up at Cameron and at the stunned customer,
who had overheard everything. She plastered her brightest smile on her face. 

"I'm sorry, but we'll be closing for the rest of the afternoon. Your drink is on the house. WOuld you like any extra coffee to take home?"

In Cameron's car, Jen pulled her knees to her chest and set is phone in the center console. She was putting all of hereffort into keeping her brain from ticking too far
forward, or too far backward. From imagining everything every terrible possibility to remembering her last conversation with Siobhan, which had been stilted at best. At
least Cameron on the DM's number in had the district manager's number in her phone. 

"This is Jolene, please leav-" Jen hung up and dialed again. 

"This is Jolene, please l-" Jen hung up and dialed again. 

"This is Jolene, pl-" Jen hun up and dialed again. 

"This is Jolene, please-" Jen yelled, startling Cameron, hung up and dialed again. 

"For fuck's sake, Cameron-"

"Jolene, it's Jen. Someone trashed the manager's office, Siobhan is missing and her house has been trashed too. I closed the store and Cameron and I are on our
way over to Siobhan's. Justin is there and he's called the cops. It's up to you whether you want to open the store or not but that's all I know so far. I'll call you
when I know more." She hung up before Jolene could get a word in and, in a flash of inspiration, remembered Ramierez's card was in her pocket. 

"Grand Rapids POlice Department, Officer Ramierez." Jen's voice caught in her throat and she started coughing. 

"Oh, for crying outloud. Office Ramierez, this is Cameron from the coffee shop. We just talked with a coworker, who said our manager's house has been ransacked as well. 
We've all been tryg to contact her, but her phone is off and she never showed up for work this morning. She lives off 28th st on Clyde Park."

"That's Wyoming PD - I'll get in contact with a sargent over there before I head down." Cameron hung up and looked at Jen, who was hiding her face in her knees. 

"I'm sure Siobhan is okay," he said, quietly. "She just got into a little bit of trouble but the cops will find her and she'll be safe." jen didn't respond, couldn't respond,
as she was trying to keep herself breathing. 

The fifteen minutes to Siobhan's house took hours. Cameron parked his car up the street and turned off the engine, but didn't move. Jen carefully lowered her legs down
and stared at her hands for a minute. Her memories were echoing again, pinging around inside her skull, too loud for her to think.

*Nothing good ever comes from this family!*

Cameron reached over and touched her laid his hand on top of hers. She started with a shriek but nothing happened - except for him giving her a very long, dark look. 

"Jen, what's wrong?" She shook her head and pried her hand from his, yanking open the door and stumbling out of the car. The cold hair air hit her like a slap in the face
and sucked her breath away. The memories settled the memories shattered the bad memories shattered, leavign room for a heavy-chested voice that only said, 

*You can do this*. It wasn't her voice, it was just another memory, but it grounded her. When she looked toward Siobhan's house, Justin was crouching in the front yard,
petting something in the grass. 

Siobhan's house was a love it or hate it design. It resembled, more than anything, a Scottish castle but instead of being surrounded by rolling hills, it was surrounded by 
typical suburban split levels and ranches. Half the house was large and circular, resting higher than the garage and rest of the house by way of a hill of mounded dirt and
sod. It was stucco in a sea of vinyl siding and showing signs of wear. Siobhan wasn't very handy and if she wasn't working, she was taking care of her foster pets. She only
had two at the moment, Killer the maine coone and Hammond the minature poodle. Justing had somehow located Killer, who was flat against the grass and obviously not in a 
happy mood. Jen grabbed her backpack from the backseat of Cameron's car and dug around until she found the can of cat treats - working with strays, you learned to always 
have cat treats on hand. 

Killer sniffed the treats, then pushed himself up and stretched. As a full blooded maine coone, he was a massive cat - 3 foot from nose to butt and more than 20 pounds
when she'd last weighed him at the shelter. Under Siobhan's care, he'd chunked out a little and stopped licking bald spots stopped licking his hair so much that he had
bald spots, so now he was a gorgeous beast. He knew Jen's smell and trusted her when she laid out a pile of treats for him to eat. Well, inhale. 

"Any luck on Hammond?" she asked, digging around in her backpack some more. At one point, she had carried an extra leash as well, because she'd frequently run across lost dogs
near campus. There was no leash, but she did find some new shoelaces, still in the packaging. They would have to do. 

"No, I haven't looked," said Justin. "I nearly tripped on Killer, tripped over Killer, who had been under the porch, scared him so he ran into the yard but when he heard my
voice he stopped and just collapsed like a sack of beans. I don't supposed your bag o' magic had any dog treats?" She finished tying a knot around Killer's harness and reached
back into her backpack. She didn't have dog treats but she did have a can of Fancy Feast - Hammond wasn't smart enough to know the difference. Or smart enough to know
it was all the same food - they'd never been able to tell. 

She scooped up Killer, who began grumbling because he wasn't finished with his pile of treats. When he saw they were headed to the house, though, he relaxed into her and began to purr. 

Siobhan's front door had been very forcefully opened, judging by the splintered door frame and broken glass. Like the office at the coffee shop, everything was a mess - furniture
tipped over, pictures smashed, papers scattered. Jen found the laundry room, where Killer's littler box and food were kept, and was glad to see it was untouched. She dropped
him inside and shut the door. 

"Exzcuse me, miss, this is a crime scene." The officer had snuck up on her and she nearly jumped out of her skin. How he moved so silently, she didn't know - he was nearly a foot taller 
than her, with bright red hair. He was also bulky, taking up nearly the whole hallway, but she could very easily tell it wasn't fat. She took a quick glance at his 
nametag - Sgt. MicClean.

"Heidi's brother?" she blurted out, raising her eyebrows. There were very few people who spelled their clearly Irish last names with the extra 'i'. Factor in the red hair and-

His face softened just slightly, then hardened again. 

"Miss, this is a crime scene. You need to leave." She held up her hands and shook her head. 

"It- I know Siobhan. We work together. We found her cat outside so I brought him in until I can get him back to the shelter. Jen- my name is Jen. Heidi and I volunteer
at the shelter together!" Word soup spilled from her lips as her heart raced. Sgt Micclean stared her down for another heart stopping moment, then his face softened. 

"yeah, Heidi's talking about you. Follow me outside - I have some questions." 

Justin and Cameron were coming up the driveway, Hammond in Cameron's arms, when the Sgt and Jen walked outside. the relief on Justin's face was palpable.

"One of the neighbors had him," he said. "Found him curled up under his porch this morning, shaking like a leaf." Hammon was still shaking but his eyes were bright and he
licked Jen's hand when she reached out to look him over. 

"the neghbor found something else with him," said Cameron, nodding at Justin. Justin handed the sgt a canvas purse, stained dark on one side. 

"She said Hammond was guarding it - until she offered him bacon, in which case, he folded like a cheap trashcan," said Cameron. The sgt took the bag sgt took a pen from his pocket
and took the bag from Justin's hands by catching the strap with the pen.

"When did that take place?" he asked. 

"She said she found Hammond about 6 this morning. He's gotten out before, so she usually peeks under her deck in the mornings to make sure he isn't hiding there. he doesn't
usually steal purses, though."

"Is is Siobhan's?" The three coworkers looked at each and one by one shook their heads. 

"No, unless she bought it really recently. She's more a backpack kind of woman," said Cameron. "She's more of a leather handbag kind of woman," said Cameron. 
--
Jenn Lindsey pulled the scratchy wool blanket tighter around her shoulders and tried not to look at the spot on her knee. 

She had left her current home earlier than usual, eager to get coffee with the giftcard she had won at trivia the night before. The timing had been good - the first
volunteers of the day had just been pulling into the parking lot as she was stepping onto the bus. She was pretty sure no one had seen her, but she would find out when
she came back in the afternoon for her own shift. 6 months she had been sleeping in the shelter at night, after all of the volunteers had left - it had to end sometime, right?

At the coffee house, the line had been blessedly short - just her, an older woman with salt and pepper hair, and a kid wearing a Detroit Lions jersey. A diehard fan,
given what she'd heard of the Lions' current season. 

The kid ordered a frappicunio and the woman a mocha with extra chocolate sauce and double whipped cream. It sounded like something a child would order, but she
was clearly an adult, with salt and pepper hair and a strong grace a strong an almost regal grace to her. Jen ordered her favorite - plain black coffee- and took
the cup from the cashier. She had turned when she heard a voice yell out-

Her knee was getting cold but also sticky as her pants dried. Mocha with extra chocolate sauce - she wondered if the stain would ever come out? She could probably
budget
